what's up this is your boy abunda k i'm
here representing hype on TV and i'm
here with santi wassup baby day hey what
am I expecting from you because I've
been back and forth to New / and I've
seen you here in a berserk or so just to
catch up nah I've been in the studio
company in the studio constantly right
in working on a load the singles for my
EP so you have to spin constantly oh you
have an EP Camilla yeah and what kind of
music do you expect to hear i'm doing
army got R&B tracks on there dubstep
dubstep track I'm trying to get some
funky tracks on there as well you so
you've mixed the arm be with the dev
stuff how'd you do that and just
basically we side off with an R&B track
and then just it just ended up being a
subset tractor with my son is the work
of DJ Mike yeah yeah so what would you
say the scene is like in newport and
especially for you as well as being an
R&B singer myself haven't haven't really
heard any any arm be from you put maybe
being being around the neck now there's
a lot it is a lot of R&B is out there
basically I've grown up listening to R&B
and voice men and maybe J Blige if I'm
at night recently and inspiring me
brilliant yeah inspiring me and Jesse
James do nothing so would you compare
yourself to any any rmv RSO nah I
wouldn't say I compare myself Sonia yeah
that everyone's got their only off like
singing like the own little thing they
put on their tracks oh yeah so like yeah
just I'm just an earless so what would
it take right but
what it take for like like a guy ashanti
to be interested in a guy like you
prefer like pretty pretty tall guys you
know pretty slim can sing like like long
hair you know like you yeah yes a lot
because cuz you know if me and you it
together right you'd never have to worry
about having not be here I'd paper Isaac
I pay for the unpaid for those
extensions I'll be like though our damn
girls intimidated by these de los black
yours and week I buddy the best we do
this is your boy van de que I'm here
with Chandi you ready first type on TV
swag